# Post Mortem
I believe my biggest struggle along the way was having to learn Xamarin and C# on my own, without any prior knowlege, and in a very short amount of time. I've picked up enough to complete the assignment but I'm certain there is still quite a bit more I will have to figure out for the next assigments. An example of this was learning about hint text for the EditText widget. For whatever reason when I was thinking about my design and considering similar elements in apps I have used before, I believed that the best solution would be to have the default text set to 'Input numbers here...' and whenever the user would touch the widget it would automatically select all text to make it easier to edit. I probably spent a couple hours just scouring the internet (and stack overflow) on how something like that can be achieved, not counting the time spent trying to implement those solutions. At some point when I was looking in the Visual studio properties panel for a different attribute, I saw the 'hint' property and found out it would do what I wanted and do it even better than what I had in mind. Anyways I understand the benefits of a "learn-by-doing" classroom structure (it was actually the motto of my previous school) but I would reccomend in the future extending your crash course on Xamarin to be a just a tiny bit longer or maybe just slowing it down a bit. I think that would help future students of the course.

As for the app itself, I don't have much to say. It is just a simple by-the-numbers postfix calculator. It turned out well enough and it works the way it should. Though, there are a few things about my design I'm not all that satisfied with. For one, my choice to use EditText and use the native numpad for input, while saving me time and effort, is not as obvious for users as buttons would be and creates the needless step of bringing up the numpad on first use. Thankfully the enter button sends the number to the calculation line without closing the numpad thus requiring endless reopening but that first required touch is still is something to consider. Another incovinience is the lack of a delete button for the calculation line, you would have to clear it and re-enter you calculations if a mistake is made. Finally, I'm just dissatisfied with the nature of the calculator being postfix - it just isn't as intuitive as standard calculators and it opens the door to various input errors when balancing numbers and operations. I chose the calculator because I couldn't think of something interesting myself and the end result isn't something I'd use over one of the various other calculator apps out there. However seeing something I made run on my device for the first time was absolutely satisfying, rewarding, and motivating - this was probably my favorite part of this project. Overall, the process was a good learning experience despite my lack of enthusiasm for the app itself.
