# Post Mortem

I think the biggest struggle I had when working on this app was probably saving the images to storage. That took most of my time on the last day I spent working on the project, which I honestly didn't expect (or account for when I put it off until the last day). After googling around and running through a number of different solutions that were mostly either depreciated or didn't work at all, I finally got it working, though it is really disheartening wasting so much time rewriting code over and over like that. A few solutions to my problem seemed promising but weren't compatible with the Java file and directory paths and it was getting late so I didn't want to risk changing those and having something else break without enough time to fix it. What I ended up with seems a little funky to me but it worked when I tested it so I can't complain.

Another big issue I got caught up on was performance. My initial working effects code took a ridiculous amount of time even on an actual device. It worked, it just took too long. Initially the bitmaps were passed into the effect code at full resolution so I changed it so they were resized to the recommended 1024x768 and then again down to 640x480. Getting an image from the gallery initially set the view to load the image from the uri and then the bitmap was then taken from the imageView (which it still does but only once for the activity instead of being called for every apply button press). To try and fix this last second, I rewrote the EditActivity.cs to have the bitmap be loaded in once to a static variable and just have my effect code use that instead of using those casts. It is still slow now but it isn't as bad as it was. I also have this strange problem where images from my device's forward facing camera appear to be real low resolution like a thumbnail-sized but the screen-side camera's images appear to be fine. I think that might just be an issue with my device. Lastly, after submission, I went through the effects and I noticed I couldn't really tell if the add noise code works but then it might just be hard to notice looking at a glare-y screen.

Despite my frustration with this assignment, I still like the idea of it and I enjoyed implementing the effects code. I like how it ties together things we did back in data structures while also retooling it for this new subject. As for suggestions, I think the posted example code could be cleaned up or reworked a bit. That Java workaround stuff and the lines that broke with android 7+ threw me for a loop initially but I guess it can't really be helped if Xamarin or the tools or the tutorials need to catch up to work right. It's just bad timing in that case.
