# Post Mortem
This assignment has been plagued with problems for me. It wasn't even so much the code as it was just strange nondescript general issues that wasted more time than they should have. I think actually programming the app was pretty straightforward, though I did only do what was specified in the assignment. The big time vampires that haunted me were either things that I should have realized how to fix way earlier than I did, or things that I have no clue what happened or how I fixed it but somehow I did. One example of the former would be me having a majority of my work written out but untested ready before class on Monday and then having to spend most of the class trying to understand why it wasn't working. It wasn't until near the end of Monday's class I realized I hadn't checked the required permissions in the manifest despite being sure that I did that the first day. Thankfully you mentioned that you were giving us until Wednesday morning for this assignment, yet despite this mercy I was tired and made the grave error of taking this for granted. Had I spent some time working on Monday night, instead of going right to sleep, I might have avoided the sorry situation I'm in right now. This takes us to Tuesday.

Again finishing up the coding turned out to be not so bad. I estimate that I had everything functioning how I wanted it around 10pm. All I had to do was build the release version and everything would be finished and I'd have time to write up both the design document and the postmortem. However, despite the debug builds installing and running perfectly, the release build refused to install at all to any of the emulators or my tablet. I didn't understand it. I went back and forth googling and rewriting code hoping for anything that might work. At one point I got it to install to my tablet but it would crash when trying to open the camera and the error was about permissions. So I check the permissions again, and they are all set correctly. I noticed that also when it would fail to install on the emulators it would cite something about the ABI (ABIs?), so I went to the advanced options menu to look and all the check boxes were in fact checked. After hours and hours of losing my mind I started a new empty visual studio project and copied all the cs and axml files into and reset all the setting to what they needed to be and everything just started working. I was dumbfounded.

The last hurdle that got in my way was TortoiseGit and my unfamiliarity with it. I was a bit worried that just copying over the new project and replacing the files would miss the crucial thing that was breaking my project. After reading up a bit, I ended up deleting the folder, cloning the repo again, deleting the source folder again, reverting the source folder back and just copying and replacing anyway. After checking that it worked I touched up a few things in my code, built the new release apk, and used it to take screenshots for my design doc. Finally I committed my code. I wrote my design document with my screenshots (and spent a nice chunk of time trying to and giving up on resizing my screenshots in markdown) and finally here I am writing my Post Mortem.

As for the assignment itself, I thought it was fun and challenging. A lot of it was building off of the previous assignments so I was a lot more comfortable with most of the concepts and the new stuff was interesting enough to learn. I think the most fun I had was just learning about the vision api and thinking of all the cool stuff you can do with it (despite not getting around to anything past the minimum requirements). Anyways I'm tired and I've probably rambled way too much all ready.
